845 Boston min up it's game time
everybody ready Boston minute it's game
time everybody it up for my boy hello
and welcome to the varsity 845 spring
sport show I'm your host Katt McMillan
the sprint season is in the home stretch
and athletes across varsity 845 land are
going full-tilt for playoff spots and
championships and trying to qualify for
state needs here's a look at what's
happening and we start in softball
minocin valleys field was rated the
second best place to play in a recent
poll of area coaches and who can argue
last week on a perfect night for
softball Minisink Valley played pine
bush under the lights pine bush beat
minute saying five to three in the last
meeting but this time the Warriors
proved themselves minocin got on the
board first after a little game of
chicken watch as menacing execute a
double steal Katie Frank darts back and
forth from third base and pine bush
makes one tiny mistake to let Frank
reach home safely
the Warriors also prove they can score
the old-fashioned way with a base hit
and a great slide in the home plate by
to Lisa Costanza minocin coach boots
diet is happy with his team's progress
right now we're fighting through a lot
of adversity we have our starting
catcher went down with mono our starting
second baseman had a an illness it kept
her out of the lineup our starting first
baseman had an elbow injury and we've
been kind of doing it was smoke and
mirrors a little bit but our constant
has been pitching and Christina Roberto
was outstanding today and if you don't
let your opponent score you're going to
be a pretty good shape in boys lacrosse
monro woodberry travel to valley central
with thoughts of upsetting the defending
section nine chance but the viking
showed they weren't going to be pushed
around and Corey Johnson made sure there
would be no upset watch as he scores two
of his three goals in Valley Central's
825 win
Oh
monroe-woodbury was in this one and let
it half time on this mike kennedy goal
but valley central overpowered the
Crusaders in the fourth quarter with
work also emerging as a power the
section 9 Class A playoffs should be
awesome the orange county league tennis
tournament was held and we'll hear more
from singles tramp Elliot Rancho in a
minute the doubles tourney was also
pretty competitive watch here as monitor
woodbury's Justin Levine and Tyler krill
team up to be Kingston's Paul barrios
and Brendan Denver 6-3 6-3 Levine won
the doubles title with his brother Paul
last season now let's check in with
tennis rider Salinger Donato who caught
up with kingston's Elliot fanshawe to
see just what makes panchal is such a
good player salentor danado here for
varsity 8 45 at the oci a boys tennis
championship where Elliot facial one is
third straight title i'm here with
Elliot and Ellie just want to ask you
how the house seasons gone for you so
far seasons gone very well I've been
happy with the way I played the overall
it was it was a good good season for
sure talk about your tournament here and
how it how it went tournament here was
good solid tournament a lot of people
came out playing well and I was it was
nice to get get the get the victory once
again what lies ahead for you he did
well like a state tournament last year
right what are you looking forward to
for 10-year career um I really want to
make it make a nice rounded states that
would be awesome like Mike my goal is
quarters or Sonny's that's a that would
be that would be a really nice feet and
the end at all what's been the biggest
challenge for you to see this season on
biggest challenge has definitely been
injuries in the in the beginning and
like I'd say January through March I've
had a shoulder problem and
then I've had a cortisone shot in my
elbow and now I'm just getting over an
injury in my brekkie Alice muscle which
is just below the bicep I think it sort
of goes all through from the elbow
through the shoulder how much hard work
does it take to be the top player in
section nine people might think it's
easy but no I play about five to six
days a week and do a lot of speed drills
off court it's hard work and I'm really
happy it's paid off being the top guy in
this section everybody's always going
after you how do you handle that um
usually i don't i don't think about that
i just try to play my tennis and i know
that if i play my game the results will
show themselves you have one of the best
serves in section 9 give you a few
pointers on how you do it alright well
the key is to have a start out with a
relax motion and get a good shoulder
turn and get a good knee bend so start
out relaxed
oh let me see if I can return a few
Elliot next time I'll close my eyes and
I might hit it over the net in
Middletown for VAR c 8 45 I'm salen turn
it out track and field turns to playoff
action this week with the mid-hudson
Athletic League meet on Thursday in
Kingston and the Orange County League
meet on friday and saturday at warwick
valley high school said the invitational
season concluded on saturday with
Middletown hosting its first major meet
at its new facility in the boys 3000
meter steeplechase Kevin portillo of
Newburgh Free Academy one in convincing
fashion finish in the boys 400-meter
dash was tight with Randy Patterson of
newburgh edging out Mel Mosley of
Middletown and Fred lock Larry of
Newburgh and check out this fashion
statement as a Barbara runner wins his
heat with those cat in the hat black and
orange socks it was another close finish
in the girls 400 as chante cottage of
Newburgh nits Delaney Williams of
washingtonville
and the girls 4 x 100 relay was won by
newberry academy in 50.5 7 seconds and
you would think the field would be
spread out after nearly one mile of
running but here's valley central Mike
Pressler out kicking clowe Schmidt of
Red Hook to win the boys a 1600 meter
run well that's it for this week's
action-packed show for the rest of the
varsity a 45 team on Ken McMillan thanks
for watching and keep checking back for
highlight videos from the playoffs
you